This example shows how to use pw.x to model a charged slab in the presence of 
an electrolyte solution. In particular, the electrochemical diffuse layer is 
modeled as a classical charge distribution, as obtained from the solution of 
the Poisson-Boltzmann (PB) equation. 

The calculation is a single SCF calculation of a Ag(100) slab. The solvent
is treated as a continuum dielectric according to the Self-consistent
Continuum Solvation (SCCS) model of O. Andreussi, I. Dabo and N. Marzari,
J. Chem. Phys. 136, 064102 (2012). The keyword solvent_mode='full'
is recommended: quickly vanishing gaussian densities are added in correspondence
of the atomic positions to avoid holes that might originate from the missing
core electrons (the problem typically occurs for halogens and transition metal
atoms).

The example compares different electrolyte models and implementations, as
described in F. Nattino, M. Truscott, N. Marzari, O. Andreussi, J. Chem. Phys. 
150, 041722 (2019). The following models are considered here:
- the linearized PB model, suitable for low surface charges and large 
  ionic strengths;
- the standard PB model (full non-linear model);
- the size-modified PB model, accounting for ionic finite-size effects 
  (see I. Borukhov, D. Andelman, and H. Orland, Phys. Rev. Lett. 79, 435 
  (1997) and S. Ringe, H. Oberhofer, C. Hille, S. Matera, and K. Reuter, 
  J. Comput. Theor. Chem. 12, 4052 (2016)).

Note that a solvent-accessible but electrolyte-free region (Stern layer) is 
introduced in the proximity of the surface through an ion-exclusion 
function as described by I. Dabo, E. Cancès, Y.L. Li, and N. Marzari, arXiv 
0901.0096 (2008). A planar error-function-shaped 2D function is employed 
to define the electrolyte cavity.

Only open boundary conditions are allowed for the calculations including the
electrolyte. The real-space quadratic correction of the electrostatic
potential (pbc_correcton='parabolic', see I. Dabo et al. Phys. Rev. B 77, 
115139 (2008)) is required. The method has been coupled to the SCCS model 
in order to remove PBC in simulations of partially periodic systems in the 
presence of a continuum solvent, as described by O. Andreussi and N. Marzari 
Phys. Rev. B 90 245101 (2014).

The (linearized) (M)PB equation can be solved numerically for any cavity 
shape and for arbitrary system dimensionality. For 2D-systems, however, 
a second implementation is available for the (linearized) PB model. 
In particular, the electrolyte model is solved analytically along 
the surface normal and used to impose the boundary conditions of the 
electrostatic problem. This analytic approach is activated by setting 
Gouy-Chapman-Stern boundary conditions (pbc_correction='gcs'), which  
include the quadratic PBC correction along the specified surface normal axis. 
Note that in this approach the system charge density and the dielectric 
interface need to be fully contained within the electrolyte onset.

From ENVIRON version 1.0 the Fermi energy shift that arises from the gaussian
nuclei smearing together with the parabolic pbc correction is printed as a
separate contribution that needs to be added to the standard Fermi energy
from pw.x.

A rough explanation of the different electrolyte-related keywords is provided 
in the run_example.sh file.
