
This example show how to use pw.x to simulate isolated charged systems in 
vacuum or immersed in a continuum dielectric solvent. 

Two calculations, one in vacuum and one in a continuum dielectric with the 
dielectric permittivity of water, are performed on a piridine cation, using 
four different periodic-boundary correction schemes, for a total of eight
calculations. 

To keep the calculations simple, only the electrostatic interaction with the 
solvent is introduced in the calculation, via the Self-consistent continuum 
solvation (SCCS) model of O. Andreussi, I. Dabo and N. Marzari, J. Chem. Phys.
136 064102 (2012). 

The periodic-boundary correction schemes adopted are:

- none: fully periodic calculation
- makov-payne: non-self-consistent, post-processing correction of the 
               electrostatic energy. REQUIRES A CUBIC CELL. 
               The error as system size scales as L^-5, where L is the 
               size of the cubic cell. Electron density and inter-atomic
               forces are computed in full periodic boundary conditions, 
               nonetheless the effect of the self-polarization due to periodic
               images scales as L^-5, thus is mostly negligible. 
- martyna-tuckerman: self-consistent, reciprocal-space correction of the 
               electrostatic potential. REQUIRES A CELL AT LEAST TWICE AS BIG
	       AS THE SIZE OF THE SYSTEM UNDER STUDY. A part from the limitation
               on the cell size, this correction scheme gives perfect accuracy 
               at an almost negligible computational cost.
- pcc: self-consistent, real-space quadratic correction of the electrostatic 
               potentials, analogous to the makov-payne, see I. Dabo et al.
	       Phys. Rev. B 77, 115139 (2008). REQUIRES A CUBIC CELL. 
	       The error vs system size scales as L^-5. It costs more than 
               a makov-payne calculation, since it is applied at every SCF step
	       but it may reduce the number of SCF steps required, especially 
	       in solution. 

The extension of the above approaches to simulations in a continuum dielectric
is described in details in O. Andreussi and N. Marzari, Phys. Rev. B 90, 245101 (2014). 
